Student Exchange 
Program 2026-27



Introduction
Student Exchange Program:

1. One or two semesters in a partner university abroad

2.Tuition fee only to Technion

3.Credit Transfer (subject to Home Faculty’s Approval)

4.Application and cancellation fee

• Exchange Agreement signed with the Host University

• Status at Technion - “Outgoing Exchange Student”

• Assistance from Student Exchange Coordinator

• Student is responsible for travel, food and housing

All information can be found in the Dean’s office website



Who can join the Exchange program?

Cumulative average of 80 for Science and Students must take a course that is conducted 
Technology students, 86 for Architecture in English at Technion before leaving for 
students exchange

Students should have no disciplinary record or 
improper academic status

Completed at least 4 Technion semesters by 
the time of the exchange program



Why go on student exchange?

Making new 
friends from 
around the world



Where can I go? 

North America
 South America

 Europe
 Asia



How do I choose a university? 
Choose:

• Up to 5 universities (can be from different 

countries/continents)

• A university that has courses in your field of studies 

and is open to exchange program.

• According to the academic schedule, your financial 

abilities, your GPA, language and personal skills, 

recommendations and field of studies.



Recommended universities

VinUniversity- Vietnam, scholarship 

Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT)- Germany 

Instituto Tecnológico de Buenos Aires (ITBA)- Argentina

Shanghai Jiao Tong University (SJTU)- China



Application Documents

• Application form – online - https://regint.technion.ac.il/ - Choose ‘Outgoing 

Technion Students’
pls make sure to have 

• Faculty Approval Form (Architecture students – centralized approval, 

there is no for a personal approval) your faculty approval for 
• (List of Faculty Advisors) all or most of the 
• Transcript of Grades in English - can be downloaded from the Portal courses that you wish to 

System->Campus take abroad
• Choice of 5 Universities - ranking

• Updated resume (CV) in English

• Motivation letter - Explain the reasons why you would like to take part in 

the Technion Student Exchange Program

• Proof of English Proficiency - TOEFL or IELTS if required/completed or the 

relevant letter of approval from the Faculty of Humanities at Technion, 
LOCATOR MAP

choose one! Exemption , Advanced B

• Erasmus+ Financial Statement Form must include students’ monthly 

income, additional scholarships granted, etc. This is required, if the student 

is interested in requesting an ERASMUS+ scholarship.



Application and Nomination timeline
Student Exchange 

Student applies to Technion Advisory Committee Coordinator informs Student 
Student Exchange Program decides on Student about Placement

Placement

Student Exchange Student completes application 
Student Confirms Coordinator nominates according to the deadline and 

Placement Student to Host University requirements of the Host 
University

Decision received Upon return - Home Faculty 

from Host University Semester Abroad decides on the credit transfer 
based on transcript and syllabi



Timeframe and Deadlines
All applications must be submitted by December 11, 2025, at 9:00 AM

Student Exchange Coordinator will send a confirmation as to eligibility 
for student exchange to the relevant students until 

the end of January 2026

Student Exchange Coordinator will nominate students to Host 
Universities for Fall/Spring semester according to host university 

deadline (additional documents will be required – TOEFL, application 
form, updated transcript)

The Host University will send confirmation of acceptance to Student 
Exchange Coordinator and/or student according to its own deadline



FAQ
• Exams: NO special permission for MOED B or missed exams. You will be able to take 

the next available exam.

• Students cannot be registered for courses at the Technion during their exchange 

semester

• NO guarantee for studies at any particular host university

• NO guarantee of scholarship (Erasmus+)

• Please do NOT contact universities before nomination

• Student’s responsibility: All costs, deadlines, requirements and processes are to be 

monitored by student

• Who decides: Final decision depends on the host university



‹#›

Fees and Charges
•  Regular tuition fee paid to Technion
•  190 NIS - non-refundable application fee, 

charged through tuition by the Student 
Accounts Department

•  300 NIS - Late Application Fee
•  300 NIS - Cancellation fee, BEFORE 

nomination to host university
•  650 NIS - Cancellation fee AFTER 

nomination/acceptance to host university

M

MARGIE'S TRAVEL



TechnioAnmbassadors 
Outgoing students will be the ambassadors of the Technion in 

the various universities in the world and will be obliged to 

participate in pre-departure meetings held by the Exchange 

Unit.

Abiding regulations: Students must
abide by the host university’s code
of conduct, as well as the Technion’s,
during their semester abroad



Global Engineering Education Exch3a)nge (GE
•  Consortium of 70 universities in over 20 countries

• There are only a few GE3 places available for Technion students. 

•  Only top students will be chosen for GE3 slots. 

• Choose GE3 in the drop-down menu in the online application 

system. 

•  Once your nomination is approved, you can start the 

application via the GE3 website 

•  Please make sure to check the information page of your 

preferred universities.

 

Limited Spots for Architecture st5u0d%e nEtnsg(ineering Curriculum)



Dean of Stud’es nStcholarship
The Dean of student’s office will offer a scholarship to 

candidates from less advantaged socio-economic 

backgrounds.

The Exchange office will send a call for each semester 

with detailed information about the deadlines and 

registration process.



Erasmus+
•  Erasmus+ Program (EU’s program) offers scholarships to students 

within the framework of the Erasmus+ Program.

•  The amount of scholarship may vary according to:

 differences in living costs between Israel and the destination country

number of students for a grant

distance between countries 

availability of other grants.

• The amount of scholarship ~ 750EUR-900 EUR/month

•  Preference will be given to candidates from less advantaged socio-

economic backgrounds. 



Naama Israely Levy
+972 (733) 78‐1948

outgoing@technion.ac.il

https://dean.technion.ac.il/outgoing-students/

Reception hours: Wednesday, 9 am–12 pm

THANK YOU